arch map
name Temple of Loki
msg
Created:  2010-05-11 Asa
Modified: 2010-06-20 Alex Tokar
endmsg
width 24
height 24
difficulty 90
darkness 3
tile_path_2 tol_0201
bg_music bubblyghost.ogg|0|-1
region berri_lur
end
arch floor_fire1c
end
arch fwall_lava1c
end
arch floor_fire1a
y 1
end
arch fwall_lava1b
y 1
end
arch floor_fire1a
y 2
end
arch fwall_lava1a
y 2
end
arch floor_fire1b
y 3
end
arch fwall_lava1a
y 3
end
arch floor_fire1c
y 4
end
arch fwall_lava1b
y 4
end
arch floor_fire1b
y 5
end
arch fwall_lava1a
y 5
end
arch floor_fire1c
y 6
end
arch fwall_lava1b
y 6
end
arch floor_fire1c
y 7
end
arch fwall_lava1b
y 7
end
arch floor_fire1c
y 8
end
arch fwall_lava1b
y 8
end
arch floor_fire1a
y 9
end
arch fwall_lava1c
y 9
end
arch floor_fire1c
y 10
end
arch fwall_lava1b
y 10
end
arch floor_fire1b
y 11
end
arch fwall_lava1b
y 11
end
arch floor_fire1c
y 12
end
arch fwall_lava1a
y 12
end
arch floor_fire1c
y 13
end
arch fwall_lava1b
y 13
end
arch floor_fire1a
y 14
end
arch fwall_lava1a
y 14
end
arch floor_fire1c
y 15
end
arch fwall_lava1c
y 15
end
arch floor_fire1a
y 16
end
arch fwall_lava1c
y 16
end
arch floor_fire1c
y 17
end
arch fwall_lava1c
y 17
end
arch floor_fire1c
y 18
end
arch fwall_lava1a
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1a
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1a
y 19
end
arch floor_fire1b
y 20
end
arch fwall_lava1c
y 20
end
arch floor_fire1b
y 21
end
arch fwall_lava1b
y 21
end
arch floor_fire1c
y 22
end
arch fwall_lava1c
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1b
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1a
y 23
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 1
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 1
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 1
y 1
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 1
y 2
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 1
y 3
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 1
y 4
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 1
y 5
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 1
y 6
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 1
y 6
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 1
y 7
end
arch spawn_point
x 1
y 7
arch giant_fire
direction 3
level 99
protect_fire 100
type 83
end
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 1
y 8
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 1
y 8
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 1
y 9
end
arch spawn_point
x 1
y 9
arch giant_fire
level 98
protect_fire 100
type 83
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 1
y 10
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 1
y 11
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 1
y 12
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 1
y 13
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 1
y 14
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 1
y 15
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 1
y 16
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 1
y 17
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 1
y 18
end
arch spawn_point
x 1
y 18
arch dragon_fire
direction 4
level 97
attack_slash 100
attack_cleave 0
attack_fire 0
can_cast_spell 1
sp -1
maxsp 80
Pow 5
path_attuned 2
Dex 3
protect_impact 15
protect_slash 15
protect_cleave 15
protect_pierce 15
protect_cold -50
type 83
arch ability_dragon
hp 21
end
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 1
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 1
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 1
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 1
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 1
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 1
y 23
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 2
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 2
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 2
y 1
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 2
y 2
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 2
y 3
end
arch spawn_point
x 2
y 3
arch demon_fire
direction 4
level 100
other_arch lava golem
splitting 1
attack_cleave 0
attack_fire 100
can_cast_spell 1
sp -1
maxsp 80
Pow 3
path_attuned 2
path_denied 4
Dex 3
protect_impact 15
protect_slash 15
protect_cleave 15
protect_pierce 15
protect_weaponmagic 20
protect_cold -50
type 83
arch ability_firestorm
hp 34
end
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 2
y 4
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 2
y 5
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 2
y 6
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 2
y 6
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 2
y 7
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 2
y 8
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 2
y 8
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 2
y 9
end
arch spawn_point
x 2
y 9
arch giant_fire
level 98
protect_fire 100
type 83
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 2
y 10
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 2
y 11
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 2
y 12
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 2
y 13
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 2
y 14
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 2
y 15
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 2
y 16
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 2
y 17
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 2
y 18
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 2
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 2
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 2
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 2
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 2
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 2
y 23
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 3
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 3
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 3
y 1
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 3
y 2
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 3
y 3
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 3
y 4
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 3
y 5
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 3
y 6
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 3
y 6
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 3
y 7
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 3
y 8
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 3
y 8
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 3
y 9
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 3
y 9
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 3
y 10
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 3
y 10
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 3
y 11
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 3
y 11
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 3
y 12
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 3
y 12
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 3
y 13
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 3
y 13
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 3
y 14
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 3
y 14
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 3
y 15
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 3
y 16
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 3
y 17
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 3
y 18
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 3
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 3
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 3
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 3
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 3
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 3
y 23
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 4
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 4
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 4
y 1
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 4
y 2
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 4
y 3
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 4
y 3
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 4
y 4
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 4
y 5
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 4
y 6
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 4
y 6
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 4
y 7
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 4
y 8
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 4
y 9
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 4
y 10
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 4
y 11
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 4
y 12
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 4
y 13
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 4
y 14
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 4
y 15
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 4
y 16
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 4
y 17
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 4
y 17
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 4
y 18
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 4
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 4
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 4
y 19
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 4
y 20
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 4
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 4
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 4
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 4
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 4
y 23
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 5
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 5
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 5
y 1
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 5
y 2
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 5
y 3
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 5
y 3
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 5
y 4
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 5
y 5
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 5
y 6
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 5
y 6
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 5
y 7
end
arch spawn_point
x 5
y 7
arch giant_fire
level 99
protect_fire 100
type 83
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 5
y 8
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 5
y 9
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 5
y 10
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 5
y 11
end
arch spawn_point
x 5
y 11
arch giant_fire
level 98
protect_fire 100
type 83
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 5
y 12
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 5
y 13
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 5
y 14
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 5
y 15
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 5
y 16
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 5
y 17
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 5
y 17
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 5
y 18
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 5
y 19
end
arch spawn_point
x 5
y 19
arch giant_fire
direction 3
level 97
protect_fire 100
type 83
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 5
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 5
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 5
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 5
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 5
y 23
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 6
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 6
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 6
y 1
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 6
y 2
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 6
y 3
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 6
y 3
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 6
y 4
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 6
y 5
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 6
y 6
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 6
y 6
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 6
y 7
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 6
y 7
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 6
y 8
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 6
y 8
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 6
y 9
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 6
y 9
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 6
y 10
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 6
y 10
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 6
y 11
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 6
y 11
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 6
y 12
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 6
y 12
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 6
y 13
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 6
y 13
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 6
y 14
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 6
y 14
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 6
y 15
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 6
y 16
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 6
y 17
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 6
y 17
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 6
y 18
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 6
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 6
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 6
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 6
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 6
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 6
y 23
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 7
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 7
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 7
y 1
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 7
y 2
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 7
y 3
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 7
y 3
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 7
y 4
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 7
y 5
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 7
y 6
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 7
y 7
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 7
y 8
end
arch spawn_point
x 7
y 8
arch giant_fire
direction 3
level 100
protect_fire 100
type 83
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 7
y 9
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 7
y 10
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 7
y 11
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 7
y 12
end
arch spawn_point
x 7
y 12
arch giant_fire
direction 3
level 100
protect_fire 100
type 83
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 7
y 13
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 7
y 14
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 7
y 15
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 7
y 16
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 7
y 17
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 7
y 17
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 7
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 7
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 7
y 19
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 7
y 20
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 7
y 20
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 7
y 21
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 7
y 21
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 7
y 22
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 7
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 7
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 7
y 23
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 8
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 8
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 8
y 1
end
arch exit
face portal_red.101
animation portal_red
slaying tol_0101
hp 15
sp 10
x 8
y 1
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 8
y 2
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 8
y 3
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 8
y 3
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 8
y 4
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 8
y 5
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 8
y 6
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 8
y 7
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 8
y 8
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 8
y 9
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 8
y 10
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 8
y 11
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 8
y 12
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 8
y 13
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 8
y 14
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 8
y 15
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 8
y 16
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 8
y 17
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 8
y 17
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 8
y 18
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 8
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 8
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 8
y 21
end
arch spawn_point
x 8
y 21
arch lavagolem
direction 3
level 96
type 83
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 8
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 8
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 8
y 23
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 9
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 9
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 9
y 1
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 9
y 1
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 9
y 2
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 9
y 2
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 9
y 3
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 9
y 3
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 9
y 4
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 9
y 4
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 9
y 5
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 9
y 5
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 9
y 6
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 9
y 6
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 9
y 7
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 9
y 7
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 9
y 8
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 9
y 8
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 9
y 9
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 9
y 9
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 9
y 10
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 9
y 10
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 9
y 11
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 9
y 11
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 9
y 12
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 9
y 12
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 9
y 13
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 9
y 13
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 9
y 14
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 9
y 14
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 9
y 15
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 9
y 15
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 9
y 16
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 9
y 16
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 9
y 17
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 9
y 17
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 9
y 18
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 9
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 9
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 9
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 9
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 9
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 9
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 9
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 9
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 10
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 2
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 10
y 3
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 10
y 3
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 10
y 4
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 4
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 10
y 5
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 5
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 10
y 6
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 6
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 10
y 7
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 7
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 10
y 8
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 8
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 10
y 9
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 10
y 9
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 10
y 10
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 10
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 10
y 11
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 11
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 10
y 12
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 12
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 10
y 13
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 13
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 10
y 14
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 14
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 10
y 15
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 10
y 15
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 10
y 16
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 10
y 16
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 10
y 17
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 10
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 10
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 10
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 10
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 10
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 10
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 10
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 10
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 10
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 10
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 11
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 11
y 2
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 11
y 3
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 11
y 4
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 11
y 5
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 11
y 6
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 11
y 7
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 11
y 8
end
arch trigger_lever
msg
Um...you appear to have company.
endmsg
name Altar of Loki
face altar_default.111
animation altar_normal
direction 3
exp 0
connected 23
x 11
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 11
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 11
y 10
end
arch trigger_lever
msg
Sometimes in life, the choices we make don't provide the results we hope for. This is one of those times.
endmsg
name Altar of Loki
face altar_default.111
animation altar_normal
direction 3
exp 1
connected 22
last_eat 1
x 11
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 11
y 11
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 11
y 12
end
arch exit
msg
Lucky left, eh?
endmsg
face altar_default.111
animation altar_normal
is_turnable 1
direction 3
slaying desert_plane/entrance
hp 11
sp 11
walk_on 0
fly_on 0
name Altar of Loki
x 11
y 12
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 11
y 13
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 11
y 14
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 11
y 15
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 11
y 16
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 11
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 11
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 11
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 11
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 11
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 11
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 11
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 11
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 11
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 11
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 12
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 12
y 2
end
arch magic_wall
layer 0
sys_object 1
direction 5
last_eat 0
dam 35
level 110
speed -1.0
connected 22
maxsp 0
alive 0
x 12
y 2
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 12
y 3
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 12
y 4
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 12
y 5
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 12
y 6
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 12
y 7
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 12
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 12
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 12
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 12
y 11
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 12
y 12
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 12
y 13
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 12
y 14
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 12
y 15
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 12
y 16
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 12
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 12
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 12
y 18
end
arch magic_wall
layer 0
sys_object 1
last_eat 0
dam 35
level 110
speed -1.0
connected 22
maxsp 0
alive 0
x 12
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 12
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 12
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 12
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 12
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 12
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 12
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 12
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 13
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 13
y 2
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 13
y 3
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 3
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 13
y 4
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 4
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 13
y 5
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 5
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 13
y 6
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 6
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 13
y 7
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 7
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 13
y 8
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 13
y 9
end
arch sand_dm2
x 13
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 13
y 10
end
arch spawn_point
x 13
y 10
arch snake
msg
@match ^hi$|^hello$|^hey$
Welcome worshipper! Pray with caution, ^Loki^ can be very unpredictable!
@match ^loki$
Loki is regarded as a god of chaos, due to his playful, unpredictable nature. He is by nature however, a shapeshifter.
endmsg
name Derwent
level 90
undead 1
is_male 1
is_female 0
Con 2
attack_slash 0
attack_pierce 20
attack_poison 30
attack_chaos 50
can_cast_spell 1
sp -1
maxsp 30
Pow 5
magic 5
Dex 3
can_see_in_dark 1
unaggressive 1
behavior 0
run_away 10
protect_chaos 50
type 83
arch ability_cause_lig_wound
hp 21
end
end
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 13
y 11
end
arch sand_dm1
x 13
y 11
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 13
y 12
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 12
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 13
y 13
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 13
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 13
y 14
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 14
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 13
y 15
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 15
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 13
y 16
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 16
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 13
y 17
end
arch sand_dm5
x 13
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 13
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 13
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 13
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 13
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 13
y 20
end
arch spawn_point
x 13
y 20
arch lavagolem
level 96
type 83
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 13
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 13
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 13
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 13
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 14
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 14
y 2
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 14
y 3
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 14
y 4
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 14
y 5
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 14
y 6
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 14
y 7
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 14
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 14
y 9
end
arch sand_dm10
x 14
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 14
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 14
y 11
end
arch sand_dm11
x 14
y 11
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 14
y 12
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 14
y 13
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 14
y 14
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 14
y 15
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 14
y 16
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 14
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 14
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 14
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 14
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 14
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 14
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 14
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 14
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 14
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 14
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 15
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 15
y 2
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 15
y 3
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 15
y 4
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 15
y 5
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 15
y 6
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 15
y 7
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 15
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 15
y 9
end
arch sand_dm10
x 15
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 15
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 15
y 11
end
arch sand_dm11
x 15
y 11
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 15
y 12
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 15
y 13
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 15
y 14
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 15
y 15
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 15
y 16
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 15
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 15
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 15
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 15
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 15
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 15
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 15
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 15
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 15
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 15
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 16
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 16
y 2
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 16
y 3
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 16
y 4
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 16
y 5
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 16
y 6
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 16
y 7
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 16
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 16
y 9
end
arch sand_dm10
x 16
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 16
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 16
y 11
end
arch sand_dm11
x 16
y 11
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 16
y 12
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 16
y 13
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 16
y 14
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 16
y 15
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 16
y 16
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 16
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 16
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 16
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 16
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 16
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 16
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 16
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 16
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 16
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 16
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 17
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 17
y 2
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 17
y 3
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 17
y 4
end
arch bank2c
direction 5
x 17
y 4
end
arch spawn_point
speed 0.0
last_grace 0
connected 23
x 17
y 4
arch female1
name living dead girl
randomitems mob_fighter_l9
level 94
undead 1
is_male 0
is_female 1
dam 54
wc 5
maxhp 70
attack_pierce 50
attack_weaponmagic 0
attack_drain 30
Pow 0
see_invisible 0
can_see_in_dark 1
unaggressive 0
friendly 0
protect_impact 0
protect_slash 0
protect_cleave 0
protect_pierce 0
protect_magic 0
type 83
end
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 17
y 5
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 17
y 5
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 17
y 6
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 17
y 6
end
arch spawn_point
speed 0.0
last_grace 0
connected 23
x 17
y 6
arch female1
name living dead girl
randomitems mob_fighter_l9
level 94
undead 1
is_male 0
is_female 1
dam 54
wc 5
maxhp 70
attack_pierce 50
attack_weaponmagic 0
attack_drain 30
Pow 0
see_invisible 0
can_see_in_dark 1
unaggressive 0
friendly 0
protect_impact 0
protect_slash 0
protect_cleave 0
protect_pierce 0
protect_magic 0
type 83
end
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 17
y 7
end
arch bank2a
direction 5
x 17
y 7
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 17
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 17
y 9
end
arch sand_dm10
x 17
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 17
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 17
y 11
end
arch sand_dm11
x 17
y 11
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 17
y 12
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 17
y 13
end
arch bank2c
direction 5
x 17
y 13
end
arch spawn_point
speed 0.0
last_grace 0
connected 23
x 17
y 13
arch female1
name living dead girl
randomitems mob_fighter_l9
level 95
undead 1
is_male 0
is_female 1
dam 54
wc 5
maxhp 70
attack_pierce 50
attack_weaponmagic 0
attack_drain 30
Pow 0
see_invisible 0
can_see_in_dark 1
unaggressive 0
friendly 0
protect_impact 0
protect_slash 0
protect_cleave 0
protect_pierce 0
protect_magic 0
type 83
end
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 17
y 14
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 17
y 14
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 17
y 15
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 17
y 15
end
arch spawn_point
speed 0.0
last_grace 0
connected 23
x 17
y 15
arch female1
name living dead girl
randomitems mob_fighter_l9
level 95
undead 1
is_male 0
is_female 1
dam 54
wc 5
maxhp 70
attack_pierce 50
attack_weaponmagic 0
attack_drain 30
Pow 0
see_invisible 0
can_see_in_dark 1
unaggressive 0
friendly 0
protect_impact 0
protect_slash 0
protect_cleave 0
protect_pierce 0
protect_magic 0
type 83
end
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 17
y 16
end
arch bank2a
direction 5
x 17
y 16
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 17
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 17
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 17
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 17
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 17
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 17
y 20
end
arch spawn_point
x 17
y 20
arch lavagolem
level 96
type 83
end
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 17
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 17
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 17
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 17
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 18
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 18
y 2
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 18
y 3
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 18
y 4
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 18
y 5
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 18
y 6
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 18
y 7
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 18
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 18
y 9
end
arch sand_dm10
x 18
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 18
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 18
y 11
end
arch sand_dm11
x 18
y 11
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 18
y 12
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 18
y 13
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 18
y 14
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 18
y 15
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 18
y 16
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 18
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 18
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 18
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 18
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 18
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 18
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 18
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 18
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 18
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 18
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 19
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 19
y 2
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 19
y 3
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 19
y 4
end
arch bank2c
direction 5
x 19
y 4
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 19
y 5
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 19
y 5
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 19
y 6
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 19
y 6
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 19
y 7
end
arch bank2a
direction 5
x 19
y 7
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 19
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 19
y 9
end
arch sand_dm10
x 19
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 19
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 19
y 11
end
arch sand_dm11
x 19
y 11
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 19
y 12
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 19
y 13
end
arch bank2c
direction 5
x 19
y 13
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 19
y 14
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 19
y 14
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 19
y 15
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 19
y 15
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 19
y 16
end
arch bank2a
direction 5
x 19
y 16
end
arch invis_exit
msg
Your surroundings suddenly change!
endmsg
slaying tol_0201
hp 22
sp 22
x 19
y 16
end
arch light5
x 19
y 16
end
arch blood_floor1
x 19
y 16
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 19
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 19
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 19
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 19
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 19
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 19
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1b
x 19
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 19
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1b
x 19
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 19
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 20
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 20
y 2
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 20
y 3
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 20
y 4
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 20
y 5
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 20
y 6
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 20
y 7
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 20
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 20
y 9
end
arch sand_dm10
x 20
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 20
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 20
y 11
end
arch sand_dm11
x 20
y 11
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 20
y 12
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 20
y 13
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 20
y 14
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 20
y 15
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 20
y 16
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 20
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 20
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 20
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 20
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 20
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 20
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 20
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 20
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 20
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 20
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 21
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 21
y 2
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 21
y 3
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 21
y 4
end
arch bank2c
direction 5
x 21
y 4
end
arch spawn_point
speed 0.0
last_grace 0
connected 23
x 21
y 4
arch female1
name living dead girl
randomitems mob_fighter_l9
level 93
undead 1
is_male 0
is_female 1
dam 54
wc 5
maxhp 70
attack_pierce 50
attack_weaponmagic 0
attack_drain 30
Pow 0
see_invisible 0
can_see_in_dark 1
unaggressive 0
friendly 0
protect_impact 0
protect_slash 0
protect_cleave 0
protect_pierce 0
protect_magic 0
type 83
end
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 21
y 5
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 21
y 5
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 21
y 6
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 21
y 6
end
arch spawn_point
speed 0.0
last_grace 0
connected 23
x 21
y 6
arch female1
name living dead girl
randomitems mob_fighter_l9
level 93
undead 1
is_male 0
is_female 1
dam 54
wc 5
maxhp 70
attack_pierce 50
attack_weaponmagic 0
attack_drain 30
Pow 0
see_invisible 0
can_see_in_dark 1
unaggressive 0
friendly 0
protect_impact 0
protect_slash 0
protect_cleave 0
protect_pierce 0
protect_magic 0
type 83
end
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 21
y 7
end
arch bank2a
direction 5
x 21
y 7
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 21
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 21
y 9
end
arch sand_dm10
x 21
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 21
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 21
y 11
end
arch sand_dm11
x 21
y 11
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 21
y 12
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 21
y 13
end
arch bank2c
direction 5
x 21
y 13
end
arch spawn_point
speed 0.0
last_grace 0
connected 23
x 21
y 13
arch female1
name living dead girl
randomitems mob_fighter_l9
level 94
undead 1
is_male 0
is_female 1
dam 54
wc 5
maxhp 70
attack_pierce 50
attack_weaponmagic 0
attack_drain 30
Pow 0
see_invisible 0
can_see_in_dark 1
unaggressive 0
friendly 0
protect_impact 0
protect_slash 0
protect_cleave 0
protect_pierce 0
protect_magic 0
type 83
end
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 21
y 14
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 21
y 14
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 21
y 15
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 21
y 15
end
arch spawn_point
speed 0.0
last_grace 0
connected 23
x 21
y 15
arch female1
name living dead girl
randomitems mob_fighter_l9
level 95
undead 1
is_male 0
is_female 1
dam 54
wc 5
maxhp 70
attack_pierce 50
attack_weaponmagic 0
attack_drain 30
Pow 0
see_invisible 0
can_see_in_dark 1
unaggressive 0
friendly 0
protect_impact 0
protect_slash 0
protect_cleave 0
protect_pierce 0
protect_magic 0
type 83
end
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 21
y 16
end
arch bank2a
direction 5
x 21
y 16
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 21
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 21
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 21
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 21
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 21
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 21
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1a
x 21
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 21
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 21
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1b
x 21
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 22
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1a
x 22
y 2
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 22
y 3
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 22
y 4
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 22
y 5
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 22
y 6
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 22
y 7
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 22
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 22
y 9
end
arch sand_dm10
x 22
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 22
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 22
y 11
end
arch sand_dm11
x 22
y 11
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 22
y 12
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 22
y 13
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 22
y 14
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 22
y 15
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 22
y 16
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 22
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 22
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 22
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 22
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 22
y 19
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 22
y 20
end
arch floor_marble_b1d
x 22
y 21
end
arch floor_marble_b1c
x 22
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 22
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 22
y 23
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 23
y 2
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 2
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 23
y 3
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 23
y 4
end
arch bank2c
direction 5
x 23
y 4
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 23
y 5
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 23
y 5
end
arch invis_exit
msg
Your surroundings suddenly change!
endmsg
slaying tol_0101
hp 22
sp 22
x 23
y 5
end
arch light5
x 23
y 5
end
arch blood_floor1
x 23
y 5
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 23
y 6
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 23
y 6
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 23
y 7
end
arch bank2a
direction 5
x 23
y 7
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 23
y 8
end
arch floor_marble2a
x 23
y 9
end
arch sand_dm10
x 23
y 9
end
arch floor_marble2b
x 23
y 10
end
arch floor_marble2c
x 23
y 11
end
arch sand_dm11
x 23
y 11
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 23
y 12
end
arch floor_sand_d1
x 23
y 13
end
arch bank2c
direction 5
x 23
y 13
end
arch floor_sand_d2
x 23
y 14
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 23
y 14
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 23
y 15
end
arch bank2b
direction 5
x 23
y 15
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 23
y 16
end
arch bank2a
direction 5
x 23
y 16
end
arch floor_sand_d4
x 23
y 17
end
arch floor_sand_d3
x 23
y 18
end
arch fwall_ruin1c
x 23
y 18
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 23
y 19
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 23
y 19
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 23
y 20
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 23
y 20
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 23
y 21
end
arch fwall_lava1c
x 23
y 21
end
arch floor_fire1c
x 23
y 22
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 23
y 22
end
arch floor_fire1a
x 23
y 23
end
arch fwall_lava1a
x 23
y 23
end
